===================================
AUTORESPONSE PLUS LICENSE AGREEMENT
===================================

You should carefully read the following terms and conditions 
before using the AutoResponse Plus software ("the software"). 
Your use of the software indicates your acceptance of this 
license agreement and disclaimer of warranty.

By installing and using AutoResponse Plus on your server, you 
agree to the following terms and conditions:

An AutoResponse Plus license grants you the right to run one 
instance (a single installation) of AutoResponse Plus on one web 
server and one web site for each license purchased. Each license 
may power one instance of AutoResponse Plus on one domain.

All customers must submit the URL where they are using (or plan 
to use) each license. The URL can be submitted via the 
AutoResponse Plus members area.

AutoResponse Plus source code may be altered (at the owners 
risk), but the software (altered or otherwise) may not be 
distributed to entities beyond the license holder without the 
explicit written permission of Gobots Internet Solutions.

All AutoResponse Plus copyright notices within the software and 
documentation must remain unchanged and visible.

Registered users may modify the AutoResponse Plus code for their 
personal use (at their own risk), but any altered code must not 
be redistributed or resold in any form.

If any terms are violated, Gobots Internet Solutions reserves the
right to revoke the license at any time. No license refunds will
be granted for revoked licenses.

License fees are non-refundable. Refunds, when granted, will be 
at the sole discretion of Gobots Internet Solutions.

======================
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY
======================

THIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING FILES ARE SOLD "AS IS" AND 
WITHOUT WARRANTIES AS TO PERFORMANCE OR MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY 
OTHER WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED.

Gobots Internet Solutions is not liable for the content of any
message sent using AutoResponse Plus.

The user must assume the entire risk of using the program. ANY 
LIABILITY OF THE SELLER WILL BE LIMITED EXCLUSIVELY TO PRODUCT 
REPLACEMENT OR REFUND OF PURCHASE PRICE.