


Dear eBay User,

Thank you for taking the time to register on eBay.  When we noticed that
you had not yet taken the final step to activate your account, we
thought we would send you a quick reminder so you could be registered
and ready to go in time for the holiday season.  It's fast and easy and
we don't want you to miss out on any of the excitement.  After you
confirm your registration, you will have free access to buy any of the
over 800,000 items (think of all the unique holiday gifts you can get!)
on eBay.  Or you can sell items that will be seen by over a million
people.

To complete your registration and activate your account, follow these simple steps:

1. Go to the "Confirm Your Registration" page at http://pages.ebay.com/aw/reg-confirm-new.html
2. Enter your User ID or e-mail address. Your User ID is: %s
3. Enter the following temporary password: %d
4. Select a new, permanent password.

If you have any problems or questions with your confirmation, please
contact one of our customer support representatives by sending email to
support@ebay.com.  In the subject of your email, please type
"Confirmation problem," and our 24-hour a day customer support team will
assist you.  Once you confirm your registration, you can begin buying
and selling on eBay.

We invite you to visit again soon and see what's been going on lately at eBay. http://www.ebay.com/


Warm regards,
eBay


P.S. eBay has been growing, and adding new features that make buying and
selling easier and safer than ever before.  With over 1,000 categories,
you can find just about anything at eBay.  If you're looking for that
unique gift that you can't get anywhere else, eBay's the place - we even
have hard to find "Furbies" on the site.  Hope to see you again soon!

