License Agreement

Clicksee Network Co., Ltd. ("Clicksee Network") and its suppliers 
provide computer software products contained in the download file 
(the "Software") and the associated documentation contained in the 
download file (the "Documentation") and license their use under 
the terms set forth herein. You assume responsibility for the 
selection of the Software to achieve your intended results, and 
for the installation, use and result obtained from the Software.

1. You are granted a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive 
license to use one copy of the Software on each of a single domain 
and to use the Documentation under the terms stated in this 
Agreement. Title and ownership of the Software and Documentation 
remain in Clicksee Network or its suppliers.

2. You, your employees, and/or agents may not distribute or 
otherwise make the Software or Documentation available to any 
third party.

3. You may not assign, sublicense or transfer this license and may 
not decompile, reverse engineer, modify, or copy the Software or 
Documentation for any purpose, except you may copy the Software 
into machine readable or printed form for backup purposes in 
support of your use of the Software on each of a single domain.

4. The Software and Documentation are copyrighted by Clicksee 
Network and/or its suppliers. You agree to respect and not to 
remove or conceal from view any copyright, trademark or 
confidentiality notices appearing on the Software or 
Documentation, and to reproduce any such copyright, trademark or 
confidentiality notices on all copies of the Software and 
Documentation or any portion thereof made by you as permitted 
hereunder and on all portions contained in or merged into other 
computer software products and documentation.

YOU MAY NOT USE, COPY, MODIFY, OR TRANSFER THE SOFTWARE OR 
DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY COPY, MODIFICATION OR MERGED PORTION, IN 
WHOLE OR IN PART, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN THIS 
LICENSE. IF YOU TRANSFER POSSESSION OF ANY COPY, MODIFICATION OR 
MERGED PORTION OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION TO ANOTHER PARTY, 
YOUR LICENSE IS AUTOMATICALLY TERMINATED.
TERMINATION 

This license is effective until terminated. You may terminate it 
at any time by destroying the Software and Documentation with all 
copies, modifications and merged portions in any form. It will 
also terminate upon conditions set forth elsewhere in this 
Agreement if you fail to comply with any term or condition of this 
Agreement. You agree upon such termination to destroy the Software 
and Documentation together with all copies, modifications and 
merged portions in any form. 

LIMITED WARRANTY 
Except as specifically provided herein, Clicksee Network makes no 
warranty, representation, promise or guarantee, either express or 
implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the Software, 
Documentation or related technical support, including their 
quality, performance, merchantability or fitness for a particular 
purchase. The warranty and remedies set forth herein are exclusive 
and in lieu of all others, oral or written, express or implied. No 
Clicksee Network dealer, distributor, agent or employee is 
authorized to make any modification or addition to this warranty.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT, 
SHALL CLICKSEE NETWORK CO., LTD. OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR RESELLERS BE 
LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, 
INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, 
COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER COMMERCIAL 
DAMAGES OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE 
THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF CLICKSEE NETWORK CO., LTD. HAS BEEN ADVISED 
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
